README.md, before:

# Chrome Extension with React Sidepanel

A modern Chrome extension template that renders a React app in Chrome's built-in sidepanel using TypeScript and Webpack.

## Features

- ✨ React 18 with TypeScript
- 🎨 Modern, responsive design with beautiful gradients and glassmorphism
- 🔧 Webpack build system with development and production modes
- 📱 Chrome Sidepanel API integration
- 🚀 Ready for development and customization
- 💡 Example components and functionality
- 🔄 Hot reloading during development

## Project Structure

```
├── manifest.json          # Chrome extension manifest v3
├── package.json           # Dependencies and scripts
├── webpack.config.js      # Webpack configuration
├── tsconfig.json         # TypeScript configuration
└── src/
    ├── background/
    │   └── background.ts  # Service worker for extension logic
    ├── sidepanel/
    │   ├── index.tsx      # React entry point
    │   ├── App.tsx        # Main React component
    │   ├── styles.css     # Styles for the app
    │   └── sidepanel.html # HTML template
    └── icons/
        ├── icon16.png     # 16x16 extension icon
        ├── icon48.png     # 48x48 extension icon
        └── icon128.png    # 128x128 extension icon
```

## Setup Instructions

1. **Install Dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Build the Extension**
   ```bash
   # For development (with watch mode)
   npm run dev

   # For production
   npm run build
   ```

3. **Add Icons**
   Replace the placeholder icon files in `src/icons/` with actual PNG images:
   - `icon16.png` (16x16 pixels)
   - `icon48.png` (48x48 pixels)
   - `icon128.png` (128x128 pixels)

4. **Load Extension in Chrome**
   - Open Chrome and go to `chrome://extensions/`
   - Enable "Developer mode" in the top right
   - Click "Load unpacked" and select the `dist` folder
   - The extension icon should appear in the Chrome toolbar

## Usage

1. Click the extension icon in the Chrome toolbar
2. The sidepanel will open on the right side of the browser
3. The sidepanel persists across all tabs until manually closed
4. The app displays current tab information and includes interactive components

## Development

### Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Build in development mode with watch
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm start` - Start webpack dev server (for testing components in isolation)

### Customization

- **Styling**: Edit `src/sidepanel/styles.css` for custom styles
- **Components**: Modify `src/sidepanel/App.tsx` to add your own components
- **Background Logic**: Edit `src/background/background.ts` for extension logic
- **Permissions**: Update `manifest.json` to add more Chrome APIs

## Chrome Extensions APIs Used

- **Sidepanel API**: For creating persistent sidepanel
- **Action API**: For handling extension icon clicks
- **Tabs API**: For getting current tab information
- **Runtime API**: For extension lifecycle management

## Browser Compatibility

This extension uses Chrome's Sidepanel API which requires:
- Chrome 114 or later
- Manifest V3

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Test the extension
5. Submit a pull request

## License

MIT License - feel free to use this template for your own projects!

Commit message:

feat: implement ChatGPT Compass with message navigation and search - Add content script for message extraction, sidepanel interface, real-time updates, click navigation, search functionality, and modern UI design

README.md, after:

# ChatGPT Compass

Navigate through your ChatGPT conversations with ease! This Chrome extension extracts all your messages from ChatGPT conversations and displays them in a convenient sidepanel, allowing you to quickly find and jump to any message.

## Features

- 🧭 **Smart Navigation**: Instantly jump to any of your messages in long ChatGPT conversations
- 🔍 **Powerful Search**: Search through all your messages to find what you're looking for
- ⚡ **Real-time Updates**: Automatically detects new messages as you chat
- 🎨 **Beautiful Interface**: Modern, responsive design with glassmorphism effects
- 📱 **Sidepanel Integration**: Uses Chrome's built-in sidepanel for seamless experience
- 🔄 **Live Sync**: Messages update in real-time as you continue your conversation

## Project Structure

```
├── manifest.json          # Chrome extension manifest v3
├── package.json           # Dependencies and scripts
├── webpack.config.js      # Webpack configuration
├── tsconfig.json         # TypeScript configuration
└── src/
    ├── background/
    │   └── background.ts  # Service worker for extension logic
    ├── content/
    │   └── content.ts     # Content script for ChatGPT message extraction
    ├── sidepanel/
    │   ├── index.tsx      # React entry point
    │   ├── App.tsx        # Main React component with message navigation
    │   ├── styles.css     # Styles for the app
    │   └── sidepanel.html # HTML template
    └── icons/
        ├── icon16.png     # 16x16 extension icon
        ├── icon48.png     # 48x48 extension icon
        └── icon128.png    # 128x128 extension icon
```

## Setup Instructions

1. **Install Dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Build the Extension**
   ```bash
   # For development (with watch mode)
   npm run dev

   # For production
   npm run build
   ```

3. **Add Icons**
   Replace the placeholder icon files in `src/icons/` with actual PNG images:
   - `icon16.png` (16x16 pixels)
   - `icon48.png` (48x48 pixels)
   - `icon128.png` (128x128 pixels)

4. **Load Extension in Chrome**
   - Open Chrome and go to `chrome://extensions/`
   - Enable "Developer mode" in the top right
   - Click "Load unpacked" and select the `dist` folder
   - The extension icon should appear in the Chrome toolbar

## Usage

1. **Navigate to ChatGPT**: Go to [chatgpt.com](https://chatgpt.com) and start or continue a conversation
2. **Open ChatGPT Compass**: Click the extension icon in the Chrome toolbar
3. **View Your Messages**: The sidepanel will display all your messages from the current conversation
4. **Search Messages**: Use the search box to filter messages by content
5. **Navigate to Message**: Click on any message to scroll directly to it in the conversation
6. **Real-time Updates**: New messages are automatically added as you continue chatting

## How It Works

- **Content Script**: Monitors ChatGPT pages and extracts user messages using the `h5.sr-only` selector
- **Message Detection**: Identifies messages by looking for "You said:" text in screen reader elements
- **Real-time Sync**: Uses MutationObserver to detect new messages as they're added
- **Smart Navigation**: Scrolls to selected messages with smooth animation and highlight effects

## Development

### Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Build in development mode with watch
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm start` - Start webpack dev server (for testing components in isolation)

### Customization

- **Styling**: Edit `src/sidepanel/styles.css` for custom styles
- **Components**: Modify `src/sidepanel/App.tsx` to add your own components
- **Background Logic**: Edit `src/background/background.ts` for extension logic
- **Permissions**: Update `manifest.json` to add more Chrome APIs

## Chrome Extensions APIs Used

- **Sidepanel API**: For creating persistent sidepanel
- **Action API**: For handling extension icon clicks
- **Tabs API**: For getting current tab information
- **Runtime API**: For extension lifecycle management

## Browser Compatibility

This extension uses Chrome's Sidepanel API which requires:
- Chrome 114 or later
- Manifest V3

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Test the extension
5. Submit a pull request

## License

MIT License - feel free to use this template for your own projects!
